Let's go ahead and do a quick review of some of the key commands so we
cement our knowledge and make it easier to remember them.
So some of the image commands we talked about were docker poll.
We talked about docker images lists all the images you have on your machine.
And then we talked about how you can remove an image with docker rmi,
and you give it the image ID that's available when you run docker images.
Now when it comes to container commands,
we talked about docker run, and the image name.
And docker run, interestingly enough,
will actually pull the image if it's not already found locally.
So although technically you run docker poll first and then
run docker run, if you want to save a step,
you could actually run docker run and then give it the image name.
And if it doesn't find it,
it'll go download it and then we'll run that container.
We also talked about how you can list the containers.
Now if you only want the running container, so you could do docker ps.
But if you want to see all of them, you would add ‑a to the end of that.
And finally, we talked about docker rm, which can be used to remove a container.
So that's an example of some of the key commands that
we've covered throughout this module,
and I hope that helps cement them a little better in your mind. We'll be using them throughout the rest of the course, actually.